this make 80 % work automatic 
spring boot is module of the spring from which we can speed up the development

spring framework + embedded serves - configuration = boot  ( this will be spring boot)
                  ( like tomcat)    (all the confrig we have to do
                                       manually)
. we just need to put the dependency



What is JPA used for in Java?
JPA stands for Java Persistence API. It is an object-relational mapping (ORM) framework that allows
us to map Java objects to tables in a relational database.



benefits:
. it creates stand alone spring applications that can be started using java-jar.
. embed tomcat, jetty or undertow directly (no need to deploy WAR files)
. provides opinionated 'starter' dependencies to simplify your build configuration
.automatically configure spring and 3rd party libraries whenever possible 
.provide production ready features such as metrics , health checks , and externalized
  config
. absolutely no code generation and no requirement for xml config




how spring boot magic works?
no magic , programming configuration done automatically , depending on what depenency model is 
active in your project confriguation is done

here whole work is of starter POM ?(project object model)
  spring-boot-starter-web  
  spring-boot-starter-data-jpa (if we want to add the jpa
    other .. these are basically project and their confriguation is build

  ** when we put all this starter dependency then all the jar will get pulled 
     and among these their is a jar for auto confrigure and that jar file has a 
    folder  
          " META_INF/spring.factories"(in this all the config is done)

In Spring Boot, a bean is an object that is instantiated, assembled,
and managed by the Spring IoC (Inversion of Control) container 

## where we can see this autoconfiguration file in our project?
maven dependency -> META-INF -> spring factorires right click and open -> here u can
see that dependencies are declared here  (these are basically classes) -> now select the 
confriguation (like JpaRepoitoriesAutoConfiguration) -> ctrl+shift +T -> then class file of 
that confriguation will get open , there u can see that conditionalOnBean ( Bean is the object)

so this conditional files helps in setting up the conditions. 







                                            
